Meeting started by Pendulum at 21:01:03 UTC. The full logs are available at http://mootbot.libertus.co.uk/ubuntu-accessibility/2011/ubuntu-accessibility.2011-01-19-21.01.log.html .

Meeting summary
Status Update on Personas
ACTION: AlanBell to contact Charline and/or doctormo about software for doing the finished design of personas (Pendulum, 21:08:35)

Development Status Update
Ubuntu Accessibility Team Blog
ACTION: Pendulum to write intro blog post (Pendulum, 21:21:13) ACTION: AlanBell to write personas blog post for week of Jan 26, 2011 (Pendulum, 21:21:43) ACTION: MichelleQ to write blog post for week of Feb 2, 2011 (Pendulum, 21:22:42) ACTION: charlie-tca to write blog post on testing for week of Feb 9, 2011 (Pendulum, 21:24:36) ACTION: TheMuso to write a blog post on indicators for week of Feb 16, 2011 (Pendulum, 21:27:48)

Status on Testing, Bugs, and Prep for Testing
Brief Intro to SpeechControl

LINK: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SpeechControl. (hajour, 21:44:14) LINK: https://www.launchpad.net/~speechcontrolteam (JackyAlcine, 21:59:58)

Any Other Business
Meeting ended at 22:14:18 UTC.

Votes
Action items
AlanBell to contact Charline and/or doctormo about software for doing the finished design of personas

Pendulum to write intro blog post
AlanBell to write personas blog post for week of Jan 26, 2011

MichelleQ to write blog post for week of Feb 2, 2011
charlie-tca to write blog post on testing for week of Feb 9, 2011
TheMuso to write a blog post on indicators for week of Feb 16, 2011

Action items, by person
AlanBell

* AlanBell to contact Charline and/or doctormo about software for doing the finished design of personas

* AlanBell to write personas blog post for week of Jan 26, 2011

charlie-tca
* charlie-tca to write blog post on testing for week of Feb 9, 2011
MichelleQ
* MichelleQ to write blog post for week of Feb 2, 2011
Pendulum
* Pendulum to write intro blog post
TheMuso

* TheMuso to write a blog post on indicators for week of Feb 16, 2011

People present (lines said)
Pendulum (90)
TheMuso (70)

AlanBell (28)

JackyAlcine (26)

hajour (25)
charlie-tca (21)
MichelleQ (15)
meetingology (14)
erkan^ (3)
Full Log
21:01:03 <Pendulum> #startmeeting

21:01:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Jan 19 21:01:03 2011 UTC. The chair is Pendulum. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell.

21:01:03 <meetingology> Useful Commands: #topic #action #link #idea #voters #vote #chair #action #agreed #help #info #endmeeting.

21:01:11 <AlanBell> o/ 21:01:19 * charlie-tca seems to be here

21:01:34 <TheMuso> Good timing too, just finished breakfast. Smile :)

21:01:40 <Pendulum> can everyone else who is here just give a handraise or something Smile :)

21:01:43 <JackyAlcine> o/

21:02:35 <Pendulum> okay agenda can be found at: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Accessibility/Team/MeetingAgenda

21:03:05 <Pendulum> I'm sorry we've not had a meeting in over 2 months, I was ill and just didn't get around to getting one organised.

21:03:17 <Pendulum> first item

21:03:27 <Pendulum> #topic Status Update on Personas

21:03:27 <meetingology> TOPIC: Status Update on Personas

21:03:43 <Pendulum> I know AlanBell has been working on personas and that hajour and others have helped

21:03:53 <AlanBell> yup

21:03:53 <Pendulum> AlanBell: what's the current plan of attack?

21:04:03 <AlanBell> ok, so faisal is pretty much done

21:04:13 <AlanBell> needs to be released to the world

21:04:31 <AlanBell> I was going to put it in a blog post with an explaination of the whole project

21:04:48 <AlanBell> and also do a glossy PDF of it to match the Canonical ones

21:05:06 <AlanBell> I had a go at that in inkscape, but I am not sure it is the right tool for the job

21:05:49 <AlanBell> then we will go through the other personas and bring them up to the same standards

21:06:46 <Pendulum> AlanBell: maybe e-mail Charline for suggestions on what they've used for the official design team personas software-wise?

21:07:02 <AlanBell> good idea

21:07:21 <AlanBell> although I have a fear that it will be something proprietary

21:07:28 <Pendulum> the other person who might have an idea is doctormo

21:07:35 <Pendulum> or he might know how to make inkscape do it

21:07:40 <AlanBell> really good idea

21:07:57 <Pendulum> AlanBell: can I give it to you as an action item?

21:08:04 <AlanBell> yes

21:08:35 <Pendulum> #action AlanBell to contact Charline and/or doctormo about software for doing the finished design of personas

21:08:35 * meetingology AlanBell to contact Charline and/or doctormo about software for doing the finished design of personas

21:08:56 <Pendulum> is there anything else personas related that needs to be discussed?

21:09:43 <AlanBell> not from me

21:10:09 <Pendulum> anyoen else?

21:11:10 <MichelleQ> nope

21:11:17 <Pendulum> great

21:11:20 <Pendulum> next item

21:11:38 <Pendulum> #topic Development Status Update

21:11:38 <meetingology> TOPIC: Development Status Update

21:11:41 <TheMuso> Ok development can be summed up in a few points:

21:11:51 <TheMuso> * api from egalia is helping with unity atk work at the low level.

21:12:05 <TheMuso> Rodrigo from Canonical is helping with unity panel a11y work.

21:12:52 <TheMuso> My focus is the platform experience as a whole, focusing on people who use screen readers and magnificatino, but where possible, advising for other disabilities as well. Be sure I'll be asking here if there are questions I cannot answer for such disability groups.

21:13:34 <TheMuso> Unity itself has low level atk work partially complete. SOme work is still ongoing with unity and the nux toolkit to retrieve needed information about some nux widgts via unity. Focusing of launcher icons et al is also in progress.

21:13:46 <TheMuso> Keyboard navigation is being worked on by someone in DX, and should be finished shortly.

21:13:55 <Pendulum> great Smile :)

21:14:01 <MichelleQ> sounds like good progress

21:14:21 <Pendulum> TheMuso: are they just using onboard for now as the onscreen keyboard (I got confused when there was a UDS session about on screen keyboards, but no decision)

21:14:30 <TheMuso> I need to have a look at the launcher this next week and from the work thats done so far, try and make a design proposal as to how accessibility behavior should happen. Not too sure about thsi myself actually, just got an email about that this morning.

21:14:45 <TheMuso> Pendulum: onboard is staying where it is for now.

21:15:19 <Pendulum> let us know if there's anything anyone here can do to help!

21:15:19 <TheMuso> As to other things I am looking at, there is improving indicator accessibility which is currently in progress, as well as improving the entire desktop a11y experience where possible.

21:15:45 <TheMuso> This means that I am looking at getting the latest evince in for PDF accessibility, and I am working closely with the orca folk to make sure webkit support is in tip top shape.

21:16:00 <MichelleQ> I'm ready for testing, whenever it gets to that point. Smile :-)

21:16:02 <TheMuso> Pendulum: Will do, but I think things are well in hand atm.

21:16:07 <Pendulum> great Smile :)

21:16:17 <TheMuso> Right, hoefully we will have something that more users can test in the coming weeks.

21:16:38 <TheMuso> The code is still fresh and somewhat unstable though I believe, haven't tried it myself yet, but I will be looking at that today.

21:16:47 <MichelleQ> just holler when you're ready. Smile :-)

21:16:54 <TheMuso> Will do, don't worry.

21:17:11 <TheMuso> It will likely be announced once a new release with the accessibility bits is made into natty proper.

21:17:13 * Pendulum suspects that there will be proclomations from the rooftops when we can start testing Wink ;-)

21:17:25 <TheMuso> Yup.

21:17:34 <MichelleQ> :-D

21:17:55 <TheMuso> Thats all from me.

21:18:00 <Pendulum> great

21:18:22 <Pendulum> #topic Ubuntu Accessibility Team Blog

21:18:22 <meetingology> TOPIC: Ubuntu Accessibility Team Blog

21:18:41 <Pendulum> we now have a blog at http://ubuntuaccessibility.wordpress.com/

21:18:48 <Pendulum> it has nothing on it

21:18:51 <MichelleQ> Pendulum: awesome!

21:19:02 <Pendulum> We're on wordpress so that it's easy for me to add people who can work on it

21:19:03 <MichelleQ> well, not that it's empty, but you know

21:19:42 <Pendulum> I'm going to try to get it added to planet and an intro post up this week

21:19:54 <MichelleQ> let me know if you want help keeping it up

21:19:56 <Pendulum> after that, I'd love it if we could get a blog post a week on it

21:20:42 <Pendulum> so if we could schedule people to be in charge of a week between now and our next meeting (which should be February 16th), that would be great

21:20:50 <Pendulum> I know I've got this week

21:21:01 <Pendulum> I think AlanBell has already started writing something on personas for next week

21:21:07 <AlanBell> yes

21:21:09 <MichelleQ> I'll take the next, if you can give me some guidance on topic

21:21:13 <Pendulum> #action Pendulum to write intro blog post 21:21:13 * meetingology Pendulum to write intro blog post

21:21:43 <Pendulum> #action AlanBell to write personas blog post for week of Jan 26, 2011

21:21:43 * meetingology AlanBell to write personas blog post for week of Jan 26, 2011

21:22:21 <Pendulum> MichelleQ: if you take that week, we can figure out later what you'll write on, does that work?

21:22:26 <MichelleQ> yup

21:22:27 <MichelleQ> Big Grin :)

21:22:42 <Pendulum> #action MichelleQ to write blog post for week of Feb 2, 2011 21:22:42 * meetingology MichelleQ to write blog post for week of Feb 2, 2011

21:22:54 <MichelleQ> Oh, I know... I can do something about the necessity of accessibility, if you'd like

21:22:58 <Pendulum> okay, we've got 2 more weeks to fill

21:23:00 <Pendulum> MichelleQ: sounds great

21:23:11 <Pendulum> charlie-tca: would you like to do something on testing for one of those weeks?

21:23:23 <charlie-tca> Okay, I can try to

21:23:33 <charlie-tca> I am the worst there is at blogs

21:23:48 <Pendulum> charlie-tca: I'm happy to look over anything before it gets posted

21:23:57 <charlie-tca> I update mine regularly, every couple of years when I re-write the website

21:24:07 <Pendulum> charlie-tca: so can you do the week of feb 9th?

21:24:12 <charlie-tca> okay

21:24:36 <Pendulum> #action charlie-tca to write blog post on testing for week of Feb 9, 2011 21:24:36 * meetingology charlie-tca to write blog post on testing for week of Feb 9, 2011

21:24:54 <Pendulum> okay, one more week. Who else is interested in writing a post?

21:25:11 <MichelleQ> charlie-tca: I'll help ya, too

21:25:39 <Pendulum> Also, I'm happy to look at posts for people before they go up for things like spelling and grammar Wink ;-)

21:25:52 <Pendulum> So don't be shy if you're not a native English speaker

21:26:50 <TheMuso> I should probably do one week, to talk about indicators, and how they are better than systray icons accessibility wise.

21:27:13 <Pendulum> TheMuso: so can you take the week of Feb 16? I think that puts it after alpha2

21:27:15 <TheMuso> Particularly since I have a few plans regarding indicators, orca, and retrieving information from them.

21:27:25 <TheMuso> Yep should be able to do that.

21:27:48 <Pendulum> #action TheMuso to write a blog post on indicators for week of Feb 16, 2011

21:27:48 * meetingology TheMuso to write a blog post on indicators for week of Feb 16, 2011

21:28:03 <Pendulum> great, so that puts us up until the next meeting Smile :)

21:28:49 <Pendulum> Anyone else who is interested in writing for the blog at any point just let me or AlanBell know as we currently can either add people so they can do their own posts directly in or can post for you

21:28:57 <MichelleQ> sounds perfect. Smile :-)

21:29:36 <Pendulum> Is there anything else blog related that anyone wants to bring up?

21:30:44 <Pendulum> Okay, moving on

21:30:46 <JackyAlcine> Pendulum: I'd like to post a bimonthly post about SpeechControl

21:30:47 <JackyAlcine> >_<

21:31:30 <JackyAlcine> It's okay.

21:31:32 <Pendulum> JackyAlcine: okay, talk to AlanBell or me after the meeting and maybe we can iron out a schedule or something Smile :)

21:31:47 <JackyAlcine> Alright.

21:32:11 <Pendulum> #topic Status on Testing, Bugs, and Prep for Testing

21:32:11 <meetingology> TOPIC: Status on Testing, Bugs, and Prep for Testing

21:32:29 <Pendulum> charlie-tca: what's the status on having things sorted so that when we can start testing, there are some directions out there

21:32:32 <charlie-tca> testing is waiting on development, of course

21:33:04 <charlie-tca> It is hard to put the tests together, until we have the layouts down.

21:33:17 <Pendulum> okay

21:33:43 <charlie-tca> We need to know the shortcuts still, and we need images that work

21:33:58 <charlie-tca> today Ubuntu installed for the first time in a week

21:34:01 <Pendulum> other than waiting for development, is there any way that anybody else can help you either now or once the development is done to get the tests together?

21:34:26 <charlie-tca> Once we have things down, we will need people to verify the procedures, yes.

21:34:55 <Pendulum> charlie-tca: do you want to get people to commit to helping now, or is it easier for you to just see who is availible at that point?

21:34:55 <charlie-tca> Until then, it is pretty much stumbling along for a while

21:35:17 <charlie-tca> Let's see who is available then. It works better that way

21:35:22 <Pendulum> great

21:35:36 <Pendulum> anything else about bugs or testing?

21:35:55 <charlie-tca> bugs are looking good now

21:36:03 <Pendulum> Big Grin :)

21:36:15 <charlie-tca> that's all, unless some one has questions?

21:36:18 <Pendulum> calm before teh storm?

21:36:28 <charlie-tca> yup

21:36:59 <Pendulum> if no one has anything else, we can move on... 21:37:02 * charlie-tca did lock up natty after installing orca

21:37:43 <erkan^> i have a question

21:37:55 <Pendulum> erkan^: yes?

21:38:00 <erkan^> what about testing? becuase i never have heard about this

21:38:46 <charlie-tca> We are committed to getting Natty tested with screenreader during the milestone ISO testing by QA

21:39:07 <Pendulum> erkan^: once the new accessibility framework is in (or partially in) to Unity/Natty we're going to have to test to make sure it works and get as many bugs fixed as possible before the final Natty release

21:39:46 <charlie-tca> We also are trying to make sure you can install it with the screenreader.

21:39:56 <erkan^> that's clear. I understand

21:40:01 <Pendulum> you probably haven't heard much about it because we're in a holding pattern waiting for the accessibility features to make it into the Natty development version

21:40:20 <Pendulum> er.. the public Natty development version

21:40:53 <Pendulum> until then we can't really do much to test

21:41:37 <Pendulum> anything else?

21:43:07 <charlie-tca> not here

21:43:22 <Pendulum> ok

21:43:39 <Pendulum> #topic Brief Intro to SpeechControl

21:43:39 <meetingology> TOPIC: Brief Intro to SpeechControl

21:43:53 <hajour> hai all i am hajour .to see who i am .its easier to look on my wiki .because i am not a very fast typer.so here is the link. https://wiki.ubuntu.com/hajour.i came here because of the accessibility program to see or i could help..first i had made a list from issues and possible solutions.where i have made a sub page from by my wiki .https://wiki.ubuntu.com/hajour/accesibility

21:44:14 <hajour> then i saw all kind of troubles with speech programs and thought this must can different.

21:44:14 <hajour> and 2010-12-11 i started the project speechcontrol. and started to to pull devs ,program makers from speechprograms and more devs . we also have students in the team.together it is become a wonderful dedicated team .where i am proud up to have the honor to may lead them . https://launchpad.net/~speechcontrolteam

21:44:14 <hajour> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SpeechControl.

21:44:14 <hajour> i give the word to JackyAlacine now who is the head development from the team.

21:44:30 <hajour> sorry if it is to long

21:44:46 <Pendulum> hajour: that's not too long at all

21:44:53 <JackyAlcine> When everyone's done reading, just "o/" so I can go. Big Grin :)

21:45:27 <MichelleQ> o/

21:45:38 <Pendulum> o/

21:45:50 <JackyAlcine> Hey, I'm Jacky and I'm part of SpeechControl.

21:45:51 <AlanBell> o/

21:46:10 <JackyAlcine> SpeechControl is the brainchild of and is led solely by Manuela Popping. I'm acting coordinator of development, and it's my duty to ensure that Manuela's ideas can be executed to code.

21:46:36 <JackyAlcine> So far, we've been working to get a Java-based speech synthesis engine named openMary (http://mary.dfki.de) to be used via C++ and Python by implementing libraries.

21:47:13 <charlie-tca> o/

21:47:35 <JackyAlcine> However, with a bit more analysis, we've noticed that instead of creating libraries; creating a fork of openMary that's catered to all Ubuntu distros. It can be tailored to incorporate D-Bus and PulseAudio, so that it can be used more universally, but that's a later project and will be attended to when the library hit a mature stage.

21:47:55 <TheMuso> Why not use espeak?

21:48:19 <AlanBell> is that getting openMary to be an espeak back end?

21:48:38 <JackyAlcine> TheMuso: openMary professes a feature called emoSpeak.

21:48:55 <JackyAlcine> And from reports, the voices in espeak are too "robotic".

21:49:05 <hajour> we have try to reach you TheMuso with emails and here to

21:49:17 <TheMuso> For the record, I don't like human sounding speech synths. They are not as efficient at fast speeds.

21:49:28 <JackyAlcine> TheMuso: That's where Sonic comes in.

21:49:43 <TheMuso> And, they take more space on disks etc, so it will be harder to get into Ubuntu, if things should progress that far.

21:49:43 <hajour> mm i think it would be nice if JackyAlcine could finish

21:50:23 <JackyAlcine> Sonic's another project by Bill Cox that efficiently speeds up and normalizes voices. More information about it @ http://www.vinux.com/sonic

21:50:46 <JackyAlcine> He's working with us to enhance eSpeak and other libraries with this issue.

21:50:50 <TheMuso> Yeah heard about it, I personally prefer the synth to dio it natively in its code, but if it proves a better method, then I guess thats the way to go.

21:51:18 <JackyAlcine> TheMuso: That's another option that's been considered, but it seems better to push that for a later release of the libraries.

21:51:36 <JackyAlcine> We also have plans to integrate the openMary engine to SpeechDispatcher and perhaps (a big hope) implement a simple GUI that allows users to select the standard speech synthesis engine and have its own configuration pages (defined by .glade files) and also have it all easily accessible via the such using the selected engines to dictate each label.

21:51:37 <TheMuso> Fair enough.

21:52:04 <TheMuso> JackyAlcine: Hey I have an idea similar to that, but more modular, to allow for multiple front-ends.

21:52:23 <TheMuso> The idea I had was to have the GUI controlling speech-dispatcher.

21:52:29 <TheMuso> Oh and glade is being deprecated long term I think.

21:52:53 <TheMuso> Perhaps we should have this discussion outside the meeting.

21:53:11 <JackyAlcine> TheMuso: sure, feel free to visit our channel. #ubuntu-speechcontrol

21:53:17 <TheMuso> But its goot to hear more about the speech control project. I hope to try and help you guys along at some point, but that won't be in natty's timeframe I'm affraid.

21:53:25 <TheMuso> Will do so after this meeting.

21:53:42 <JackyAlcine> That's understable.

21:53:46 <JackyAlcine> *understandable.

21:53:47 <JackyAlcine> SpeechControl also wants to integrate another component into the Linux Speech API, voice recognition. It's pretty interesting that the Linux Speech API doesn't have such a feature. Luckily, a potential application has come up to the role. It's name is Julius.

21:54:05 <TheMuso> There are many speech recognition engines out there...

21:54:09 <TheMuso> Why this one over the rest?

21:54:25 <TheMuso> ...sorry shoudl ask that in the relevant place and time. Smile :)

21:54:37 <JackyAlcine> Lol, no problem, the curiousity's great.

21:54:39 <JackyAlcine> Although the version available from the site isn't, how can I put, suitably efficient for Linux, we've spoken with the project manager of Simon Listens, the KDE application, who has implemented a specialized version of Julius for his application. We're currently collaborating on packaging this version to replace the version available in the repositories. So, yes, SpeechControl's been on its own, scratching its way up, pulling the holes in

21:54:58 <TheMuso> ok cool.

21:55:35 <AlanBell> simon-listens is really cool actually

21:56:00 <AlanBell> it is QT based which is interesting given Mark's recent blog post

21:56:14 <AlanBell> mostly when running it doesn't need much gui at all

21:56:35 <hajour> well if i new this.i already hat put it this way to get your attention TheMuso .you are really hard to reach. lol

21:57:25 <TheMuso> Yeah mainly because I am busy.

21:57:43 <TheMuso> Anyway, thanks for the great introduction guys, I am interested in helping out where I can.

21:57:49 <Pendulum> okay, are there any other questions regarding SpeechControl? (preferably quick and easy ones)

21:57:58 <TheMuso> Ideally I'd love to work on a11y full time for Ubuntu, but that won't be the case.

21:59:04 <hajour> if you want you can sign in in the speechcontrol team TheMuso Smile :) 21:59:25 * hajour is hoping he do it

21:59:47 <TheMuso> If you mean on launchpad, then I'll certainly have a look and join.

21:59:57 <hajour> great

21:59:58 <JackyAlcine> https://www.launchpad.net/~speechcontrolteam 22:00:03 * hajour cheers

22:00:50 <TheMuso> Ok I think we can move onto AOB.

22:00:53 <Pendulum> great

22:01:00 <Pendulum> #topic Any Other Business

22:01:00 <meetingology> TOPIC: Any Other Business

22:01:06 <TheMuso> So, Mark's blog post.

22:01:07 <Pendulum> are there any other things anyone has to discuss?

22:01:11 <TheMuso> QT apps in Ubuntu.

22:01:13 <hajour> the mean goal is that it stays open source and usable for old pc s to

22:01:36 <JackyAlcine> Yeah, what's up with that?

22:01:42 <TheMuso> We need to follow the progress of this decision, and make sure the a11y angle is completely covered.

22:01:42 <AlanBell> and Mark specifically mentioned accessibility requirements

22:01:48 <TheMuso> Mind you, it does depend on what QT apps are desired.

22:01:57 <JackyAlcine> I mean, we already had to deal with Unity being standard.

22:01:57 <TheMuso> anNot all.

22:01:58 <Pendulum> AlanBell: yeah, I noticed that he listed it up there and then ignored it later

22:01:59 <TheMuso> AlanBell: not all

22:02:10 <TheMuso> No VI mentons

22:02:12 <TheMuso> mentions

22:02:18 <Pendulum> yeah

22:02:33 <AlanBell> indeed

22:02:42 <AlanBell> it was keyboard and mouse mentions, not VI

22:02:46 <TheMuso> Yep

22:03:05 <hajour> lost it now a bit ?!?

22:03:17 <TheMuso> VI stands for vision impairement.

22:03:18 <hajour> first meeting here

22:03:19 <AlanBell> VI=Visual Impairment

22:03:29 <hajour> a ok

22:03:46 <AlanBell> so QT apps are not readable by Orca etc

22:03:57 <AlanBell> like webkit

22:04:40 <TheMuso> a

22:04:45 <TheMuso> Actually webkit is almost 100% usable.

22:04:56 <TheMuso> In natty, one can install the epiphany browser, and navigate simple sites with no issue.

22:05:05 <TheMuso> I did this myself last week.

22:05:07 <AlanBell> cool

22:05:15 <AlanBell> does the installer work now?

22:05:20 <TheMuso> Haven't tried it yet.

22:05:29 <TheMuso> But joanie has offered to help me get that fied up, whcih is cool.

22:05:32 <TheMuso> fixed

22:05:35 <charlie-tca> AlanBell: the live cd installed today

22:05:35 <TheMuso> gah typing sucks this morning...

22:06:35 <TheMuso> So all we can do, is follow this through, and make sure the a11y angles are all covered.

22:06:56 <Pendulum> TheMuso: adding to the many reasons we like joanie? Wink ;-)

22:07:13 <TheMuso> I can understand this from a commercial/market share standpoint, but its a bit hard to see this decision made for the next cycle after canonical invested in getting unity accessible.

22:07:20 <TheMuso> Pendulum: heh yeah.

22:07:37 <Pendulum> yeah

22:07:41 <TheMuso> ...unless they decide to do the same for QT, which I somehow doubt.

22:07:46 <Pendulum> and put pressure on Mark/Canonical about it, correct?

22:08:01 <TheMuso> Yeah, harder for me to do so since I am an employee though... 22:08:17 * Pendulum sees a future possible blog post to come out of this...

22:08:18 <TheMuso> And lots of people know what interests me in the company so...

22:08:24 <Pendulum> TheMuso: I wasn't saying from you Smile :)

22:08:25 <TheMuso> Agreed.

22:08:31 <TheMuso> Yeah I know.

22:08:36 <TheMuso> Just making sure everyone else does.

22:10:21 <TheMuso> So, I think thats all from me about this for now.

22:10:28 <Pendulum> okay

22:10:32 <Pendulum> anything else?

22:10:37 <hajour> only i want to say 1last thing speechcontrol must stay open source.i cant say it often enough

22:11:28 <hajour> o and i am willing to make a blog to with help

22:12:03 <TheMuso> Nothing else from me.

22:12:10 <hajour> could not say it earlier.i had already copied my lines about speechcontrol from note

22:12:33 <hajour> for to put in chat

22:12:49 <Pendulum> okay

22:12:55 <Pendulum> does anyone else have anything?

22:13:14 <hajour> and is it already note that the video s

22:13:35 <hajour> for to help with the keey often not work at al

22:13:42 <hajour> keey=key

22:13:52 <hajour> coc key

22:14:07 <AlanBell> lets talk about that afterwards hajour

22:14:15 <Pendulum> okay. I think we're done

22:14:18 <Pendulum> #endmeeting

Generated by MeetBot 0.1.4 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell)

Accessibility/Team/MeetingLogs/20110119 (2011-01-19 22:50:10由pendulum编辑)